feat: TraceQL metrics: average over time (#4073)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/traceql/metrics-queries.md

This might let you determine that `/api/sad` had a higher rate of erroring
spans than `/api/happy`, for example.

> ### The `count_over_time`, `min_over_time`, `max_over_time` and `avg_over_time` functions
> 
> The `count_over_time()` let you counts the number of matching spans per time interval.

Reviewer: Should this be duration over time functions heading? 
```suggestion
### The `over_time` functions

Metrics queries supports `count_over_time`, `min_over_time`, `max_over_time`, and `avg_over_time` functions. 

The `count_over_time()` let you counts the number of matching spans per time interval.
```

Author: It's not only for duration, any numerical value is ok.

{ name = "GET /:endpoint" } | max_over_time(span.http.status_code)
```

> The `avg_over_time()` let you aggregate numerical values by computing the average value of them, such as the all important span duration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `avg_over_time()` function lets you aggregate numerical values by computing the average value of them, such as the all important span duration.
```
